If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
Pizza here is consistently good .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
You should pass on the calamari .
Decor is charming .
Service is average .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
Food was okay , nothing great .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
I/we will never go back to this place again .
Excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
Great sake !
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .