Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
Avoid this place !
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
Food was okay , nothing great .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
I/we will never go back to this place again .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat ! ! !
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
The decor is night tho ... but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
we love th pink pony .
THe perfect spot .
Food-awesome .
Service- friendly and attentive .
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
the food is decent .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e . make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
Food is great .
Service is top notch .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you do n't .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
This place is incredibly tiny .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
The food was bland oily .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
This place is great .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
Get the tuna of gari .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
It 's all about the food ! !
first it took us a long time to find the place .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
I 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d ' was pretty rude .
Tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
Try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no ...
Rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in NY ... stay away from this one
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
The food was good too .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Service was prompt and courteous .
Great service , great food .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
fine dining restaurant quality .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
The staff is no nonsense .
The food options rule .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ... IT WAS HEAVEN !
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
The restaurant is cute but not upscale .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
The bagel was huge .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
All the staff is absolutely professional ! !
This restaurant was way overhyped .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
fresh restaurant was amazing ... ... .. food was delicious and of course fresh .
Hats off to the chef .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
Great vibe , lots of people .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
Salads were fantastic .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese ... .both very tasty .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
And where does Patis go wrong ; no where .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
It 's a small cute restaurant .
I absolutely love this place ! ! !
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
The sushi is amazing ! ! !
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
Check this place out !
First of all , this place is *not* romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70+ with only one selection listed at $ 30+ .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
Fish was overdone .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
The staff offers impeccable service .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
The wine list is excellent .
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
This place is so much fun .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
Our food was great too !
And really large portions .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
The place is a lot of fun .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
The food however , is what one might expect .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Drinks way over priced .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Great pizza for lunch place .
Service was quick .
The pizza was great .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
Delivery is fast too .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
The lox is always fresh too .
Not impressed with the food .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Zero ambiance to boot .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
Taxan delicious !
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
Try green curry with vegetables .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
I had the best ravioli ever .
The wine the service was very good too .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
If you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm ... .. everything is just delicious .
Check out the secret back room .
Thank You Emilio .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
The food was authentic .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
Very good wine choices .
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC !
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .
Great staff .
Always great service !
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
Amma is nothing special .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
This place is always packed .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
Try the sea bass .
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
The service was attentive .
Planet Thai is great !
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN ; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
Food is excellent .
Fish is so very fresh .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Love YUKA .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
I loved this place ! !
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : Where are you from ... maybe you dont know how things work in America ... and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
We did tip , I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
Pizza here is consistently good .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
You should pass on the calamari .
Decor is charming .
Service is average .
What a great place .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
I absolutely Loved this place .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
The wine list is also really nice .
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
I would highly recommend this place !
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
The food was good .
The place was nice and calm .
but the service was a bit slow .
The buffet had a nice selection .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
Service was also very good .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
love the food .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
An excellent service
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
You can not go wrong with this place .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
The menu has so many fish items and oysters .
The fish was really , really fresh .
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
Delicious crab cakes too .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Great neighborhood joint .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
The counter service is bad .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
Great sushi experience .
Unique apppetizers .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
The service is awful .
This place is not worth the prices .
Love Pizza 33..
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee ! !
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! ..
the turkey burgers are scary !
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
The sushi was awful !
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
Good , fast service .
Food is great and inexpensive .
The location is perfect .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they 're all delicious .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
The place was quiet and delightful .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2 1/2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
I LOVE their Thai
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
I will go back to Suan soon !
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) ! ! !
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
The food now is inconsistent .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
The setting is casual and romantic .
The food is excellent !
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
The food was exceptional .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Service is fast and friendly .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
Great food , great prices , great service .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a 'special ' bagel experience .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
The food was absolutely amazing ! !
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had ! !
The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !
The waiter was attentive .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
Dessert is a joke ... dont bother
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
Fantastic place .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Great food , great decor , great service .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer ! ! !
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
What a great place !
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
I really liked this place .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
Quick and friendly service .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
Good food .
Good drink .
I have never had cheescake like this .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
skip dessert .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Do n't miss Bloom 's on your next trip to Manhatten .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
Pizza was a little soggy .
Ravioli was good ... but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
Food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
This place is a great bargain .
Authentic Pakistani food .
People are always friendly .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
Faan is sooo good .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
The food was actually aweful .
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w/ chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
go here for the drinks !
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
My fav was the sassy lassi ...
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
The food 's as good as ever .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
Staff is very accomodating .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices ...
Service is not what you are coming here for ...
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
even the wine by the glass was good .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks ...
Yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
Was n't going to share but I feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ... ..very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ... ..all on Roosevelt Avenue !
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
The food is great .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate , location wise .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ... a bucket of food literally .
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
This place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
I 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .